Well, now that the government shut down, as
over in the IRS appears to be working again,
people are starting to file their taxes, both
Democrats and Republicans alike. And what
a lot of Trump supporters have found out is
that, oh, they didn't get those republican
tax cuts like they were promised just 15 months
ago. Now, if you'll remember, Republicans
told us, an analysts told us in economists
told us that the tax cuts immediately went
into effect for the, for the top one percent,
right? They, they got their tax cuts immediately.
It was an accent at the end of 2017, they
got the IRS for 2018. The rest of us, we had
to wait another year. It is really didn't
kick in until we filed our taxes in 2019.
So we weren't going to get our paychecks,
you know, blowing up immediately. Had to wait
until the next year. Well, now that people
are filing their taxes and still collecting
paychecks, they've realized that they were
swindled and Trump voters, Trump supporters
are absolutely pissed off.
And taking to twitter to share their horror
stories about filing their taxes this year.
A raw stories done a phenomenal job of kind
of cataloging a lot of these tweets. So I'm
going to go through. I'm and read just a couple
here. Uh, let's start with this one from a
a dentist. Jordan says, I am a Republican
voter. I just did our taxes. The GOP tax bill
costs my family thousands of dollars this
year on our return due to changes thereby
hitting us with the largest tax increase of
our lives. We are middle class homeowners,
homeowners. And you raised our taxes. Infuriating.
Here's another one, says I have to pay $2,000
more in taxes this year. What happened? I
voted for you. I thought you were fixing this.
Not making it worse. I thought I would get
money back this year. There's another one.
Nyc Girl voted for you. Family. Have two hard
working.
New York cops did taxes for years. We would
pay more and get a refund at the end of the
year to help pay debt. FIRSt Time in 30 years,
we had to pay more in federal taxes. I'm disgusted.
Another one here from Joel Services at Potus.
Thank you for screwing the middleclass with
your tax reform. I have never in my life.
I'm 49 years old. Had to pay into the IRS
until this year. We have a combined income
of $150,000. The middleclass voted for you.
I will not make the same mistake twice. The
list goes on. I mean this. You can read more.
Just follow the link in. The description is
video, but there's so many of them and now
I've said in the past I'm going to stop showing
sympathy for Trump voters voters. But listen,
this, I get, okay, this, I understand. Not
that I didn't understand the others, but,
but I do have sympathy on this particular
issue.
These people bought into the lie that Republicans
were going to give us trickledown economics
and trickle down economics on this, you know,
fourth, fifth try. Whatever it was was totally
going to work this time. Well, it didn't,
you know, you should have known better on
that part, but here's what they didn't realize
and this is why so many people are paying
more in taxes, is that we had to give the
top one percent, you know, everything they
wanted and the middle class we were going
to get a tax cut, right? Our taxes, we're
going to go down slightly, but what they did
to make up for that was they got rid of a
lot of our middleclass deductions, so things
in the past that we were able to write off
and take a big chunk off of our tax bill.
We can't do that anymore.
The that didn't happen for the top one percent,
but it happened for us among the changes by
the way, is that teachers can no longer write
off the total amount that they spend out of
pocket to buy supplies for their classroom.
And if I seem pissed off about that, I am.
I am married to a teacher who spends at least
$100 every month of the year out of her pocket
to buy stuff for her classroom. We don't get
to write that crap off anymore. I have not
yet filed my taxes, but like everyone else
in this twitter thread here, I am also likely
going to end up paying more. I did not get
a reduction in any of my paychecks for the
last 14 months showing that I got a tax cut.
In fact, because insurance prices when up
again at the start of the year as they always
do, my paychecks are technically less right
now than they were one year ago.
I'm with you on this folks, except I wasn't
full hearty enough to vote for Donald Trump.
I knew better, but I also knew better than
to not believe the Republicans when they tell
us anything about taxes because they're liars,
but here's the great thing. These people get
it now and so many more, so many more than
just what's in this twitter thread. They understand
it, they get it, and hopefully they will never
make the same mistake twice as this one. Twitter
users said, this is what Republicans do. They
pull you in with these lofty promises and
then screw you over every chance they get.
They have been proving this for decades, and
finally, finally, some of these people are
starting to open their eyes and realize that
the Republican Party is nothing more than
a party of Donald Trump's just con men as
far as the eye
can see.